Main character: Shaun
Buddy: Darin
Woman: Monique
Black guy: Tyrone

Alkudialogi :
Shaun: Can you find out how we can get to Safetown?

Darin: Soon. This sandstorm is messing with the signal.

Monique: I hope we find it quickly...We don't have much foor or water left...

Shaun: God Damn It! Most of our supplies were in the last safehouse we were holed up in, but damn bandits overran the whole area.

Monique: I wouldn't have made it if it wasn't for Darin. I haven't even thanked you properly. Thank you so much for saving my life.

Darin: Oh that...it was nothing.

*3 sec pause when nothing happens*

*power outage*

Darin: The power is failing!

Tyrone: Must be due to the storm

Shaun: There must be something wrong with the satellite tower!

Tyrone: I'll go check it out

Monique: Please be careful!

*black guy runs RIGHT*

*black guy climbs the tower*

Tyrone: Everything's fucked...How can a storm do thi...

Tyrone: ...

Tyrone: Shit, the tower is... it's going to fall over in this storm...

Tyrone: AAAAHHHHHHH!!! *shown at the same time as falling animation*

*the mast collapses*

-black screen fade-

*roof of the house collapses*

*debris falls on the girl and she dies*

Darin: MONIQUE!

Shaun: We have to get out!

Darin: We can't just leave her! She might still be alive!

Shaun: THERE'S NOTHING WE CAN DO!

*they run LEFT*

-black screen fade-

*outside*

Darin: ...

Darin: I.. I'm sure we could have...

Shaun: ...

Shaun: ..There's no use in second guessing any of this. If we had died, would that have made their sacrifices any better? All we can do is move forward.

Darin: You...you're right...All right let's go find some shelter. We'll mourn for them later.


Tier1 : Rotten android
*mechanic hand and part of torso laying on the sand*

Shaun: Do you think it has any consciousness left in there? That would be...

Darin: Do you thin I'll end up like that one day? Just a leg in the sand?

Shaun: Flesh fades..but machines are built to last.


Tier1 : green puddle

Darin: WATER! Do you think we can drink it?

Shaun: No way man, it's clearly toxic.

Darin: How depressing...


Tier1 : carcass of a really big strange animal

Darin: What do you think this thing was?

Shaun: Whatever it is, I hope we don't run into whatever killed it out here.


Tier1 : remains of a survivor

Darin: How sad...

Shaun: Let's hope we avoid his fate.


Tier1 : ruined house

Darin: Look! A building! It looks pretty messed up, though.

Shaun: I wonder if this is someone's safehouse...

-black screen fade-

[inside the house] *three bodies, one has shot herself*

Shaun: Wow! What a mess.

Darin: What the hell happened in here!?!

Shaun: Let's look around for supplies. These guys won't be needing it anymore.

-black screen fade-

Shaun: Couldn't find a damn thing. Maybe they ended up that way because they had no supplies left..

-black screen fade-

*outside again*



Tier2 : a huge sandworm moves on the backgroud

Darin : Holy Shit! We gotta get out of here!

*movement speed increased for 3 seconds*


Tier2 : A bridge

Shaun: I wonder if this bridge is safe to cross.

Darin:  I don't know , man. We can try crossing it, or find another way around.


Tier2 : Bones and backpack without anything usefull inside.

Shaun: A backpack! Maybe there's some water in there!

Darin: A bottle! *drinks from it*

Darin: GAAH! BLAAH! OIL! That was oil! FUCKING HELL! *throws the bottle away*


RANDOM PUHETTA 1:

Darin: Are you sure we are going the right way?

Shaun: uh... Yes.

Darin: Really sure?

Shaun: ...

Darin: Okay, then I trust you with this.


RANDOM PUHETTA 2:

Darin: I'm really thirsty... I can't go on much further...

Shaun: Keep on going. I'm sure we're going to find supplies or shelter sooner or later.


TIER2 END: *Your buddy dies and collapses to ground.*

Shaun: Damn it man, don't die on me!

Darin: I.. I can't go on...

Shaun: No... you can. Please. Please get up...

Darin: Shaun, I... My vision... is blurring...

Shaun: Darin listen to me man, you can make it.

Darin: ...

Shaun: Darin? Darin, answer to me!

Darin: ...

Shaun: He.. He's gone... Goodbye friend.


Tier3 : phone booth and phone post

Shaun: What is something like this doing here?

Shaun: I wonder if it works...

Shaun: Am I hallucinating?


Tier3 : a robot buried in sand. It is an a very confused state.

*bzzzzzhhh---Can I help yoBBZZZZZZZH*

Shaun: The robot seems busted. I won't be able to communicate with it.

*did you know that help isKKZZZZHHHH*

*Thank you please come again*

Shaun: ...


Tier3 : a body that vultures a eating. after seeing player they fly away.

Shaun: How sad...I hope I won't end up like that...

TIER3 END
Player collapses to ground.

Screen fades to black.

Back to title screen.